2021-03-01
1:00PM
DIS
UPDATES
Current
Every new movie and show coming to Disney Plus in March - Raya and the Last Dragon, WandaVision finale, The Falcon and the Winter Soldier premiere!
Facts
nprod
2
National Geographic Documentary Films, MVL
7

Disney Plus launched last year with most of Disney's back catalog, but the platform hasn't reached maximum capacity just yet. In addition to original content like the upcoming episodes of Marvel's Hero Project, there's a whole host of movies and shows wrapped up under other streaming services and licenses. Each month, a few new titles will trickle onto Disney Plus.

Disney's newest animated feature, Raya and the Last Dragon, will come to Premier Access. WandaVision will finish up -- but don't worry, because The Falcon and the Winter Soldier premieres right after. The new Mighty Ducks series will also arrive.

AVAILABLE MARCH 5
Disney Secrets of Sulphur Springs: Time Warped
Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties
Heartland Docs, DVM (s2)

From Disney: Raya and the Last Dragon takes us on an exciting, epic journey to the fantasy world of Kumandra, where humans and dragons lived together long ago in harmony. But when an evil force threatened the land, the dragons sacrificed themselves to save humanity. Now, 500 years later, that same evil has returned and it's up to a lone warrior, Raya, to track down the legendary last dragon to restore the fractured land and its divided people. However, along her journey, she'll learn that it'll take more than a dragon to save the world--it's going to take trust and teamwork as well.

Don Hall and Carlos Lopez Estrada are directing, with Paul Briggs and John Ripa co-directing. Osnat Shurer and Peter Del Vecho are the producers, and Qui Nguyen and Adele Lim are the writers on the project.

Walt Disney Animation Studios 'Raya and the Last Dragon' will be available on Disney+ with Premier Access in most Disney+ markets, at the same time as it is released in select theaters on March 5, 2021.

WandaVision Finale

"WandaVision" is a blend of classic television and the Marvel Cinematic Universe in which Wanda Maximoff (Elizabeth Olsen) and Vision (Paul Bettany)--two super-powered beings living idealized suburban lives-begin to suspect that everything is not as it seems. The new series is directed by Matt Shakman; Jac Schaeffer is head writer.

AVAILABLE MARCH 12
Disney Secrets of Sulphur Springs: Long Time Gone
Disney Junior Doc McStuffins: The Doc Is In
Disney My Music Story: Perfume
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 1)
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 2)
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 3)
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 4)
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 5)
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 6)
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 7)
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER (season 8)
Dr. Oakley, Yukon Vet (season 7)
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children

Own the Room Premiere

From Disney: From National Geographic Documentary Films and the Emmy Award-Winning Team Behind Science Fair, Own the Room follows five young star students on their journey to win one of the world's most prestigious competitions for student entrepreneurs. From disparate corners of the planet, the competitors take their big ideas to Macau, China, host of one of the most prestigious entrepreneurship competitions in the world, the Global Student Entrepreneur Awards. Santosh is from a small farming town in Nepal; Alondra works the register at her family's bakery in Puerto Rico; Henry is a programming wiz from Nairobi; Jason is a marketing machine from Greece; and Daniela is an immigrant escaping the crisis in Venezuela, taking on the chemical industry from her lab at NYU. They've each overcome immense obstacles in pursuit of their dreams, from hurricanes to poverty to civil unrest. Their ideas have already changed their own lives, but are they ready to change the world?

Marvel Studios Assembled Premiere "Assembled: The Making of WandaVision"

From Disney: Join Elizabeth Olsen, Paul Bettany and WandaVision's creative team as they invite viewers behind-the-scenes of this highly groundbreaking series of documentary style specials. Learn how the production's surprising concept took shape by drawing inspiration from classic sitcoms. Witness how the crew went to great lengths to emulate various filmmaking methods used during the early years of television. Discover the unique challenges and ultimate rewards of performing an entire episode in front of a live studio audience. Spend time with exciting newcomers to the MCU, such as Teyonah Parris and Kathryn Hahn, along with returning favorites like Kat Dennings and Randall Park. Assembled: The Making of WandaVision is an all-encompassing look at Marvel Studios' first, and arguably most unusual, streaming series.

Marvel Studios: Legends

From Disney: Marvel Studios: Legends serves as an exciting refresher for the various heroes and villains making their way to the highly anticipated streaming shows premiering on Disney+, setting the stage for the upcoming adventures. The episodes will feature Falcon, Winter Soldier, Zemo, and Sharon Carter.

AVAILABLE MARCH 19
Disney Big Hero 6 The Series (season 3)
Disney Secrets of Sulphur Springs: If I Could Turn Back Time
Mexico Untamed (season 1)

The Falcon and The Winter Soldier Premiere
From Disney: Marvel Studios' The Falcon and The Winter Soldier stars Anthony Mackie as Sam Wilson aka The Falcon, and Sebastian Stan as Bucky Barnes aka The Winter Soldier. The pair, who came together in the final moments of Avengers: Endgame, team up on a global adventure that tests their abilities-and their patience. Directed by Kari Skogland with Malcolm Spellman serving as head writer, the series also stars Daniel Bruhl as Zemo, Emily VanCamp as Sharon Carter, and Wyatt Russell as John Walker.

AVAILABLE MARCH 26
Disney Secrets of Sulphur Springs: As Time Goes BY
Disney Pickle and Peanut (season 1)
Disney Pickle and Peanut (season 2)
Gnomeo & Juliet

The Mighty Ducks: Game Changers Premiere Episode 101 "Game On"

From Disney: In present day Minnesota, The Mighty Ducks have evolved from scrappy underdogs to an ultra-competitive youth hockey powerhouse. When 12 year-old Evan Morrow is unceremoniously cut from the Ducks, he and his mom, Alex, set out to build their own team. With a new group of misfit kids and an old rundown rink managed by a familiar face -- Gordon Bombay -- they begin a journey to challenge the cutthroat culture of youth sports today, and rediscover the joy of playing just for the love of the game.

The Falcon and The Winter Soldier New Episode

From Disney: Marvel Studios' The Falcon and The Winter Soldier stars Anthony Mackie as Sam Wilson aka The Falcon, and Sebastian Stan as Bucky Barnes aka The Winter Soldier. The pair, who came together in the final moments of Avengers: Endgame, team up on a global adventure that tests their abilities--and their patience. Directed by Kari Skogland with Malcolm Spellman serving as head writer, the series also stars Daniel Bruhl as Zemo, Emily VanCamp as Sharon Carter, and Wyatt Russell as John Walker. Media Kit

Inside Pixar: Foundations Batch 3 Premiere

"111 - Foundations: Recipe for a Movie"

From Disney: How exactly are animated films made using computer graphics? Pixar's creative minds introduce and break down how a movie is made through understandable explanations using metaphors and examples.

"112 - Foundations: Creating Characters"

From Disney: From cars to fish to toys to superheroes, Pixar characters have unique personalities, designs, and traits. Join Pixar's character artists and designers as they break down the process of developing a new character from the initial artwork and design, all the way to getting it ready for animation.

"113 - Foundations: Through the Lens"

From Disney: Camerawork is just as crucial in animation as it is in live action. Pixar's layout artists explain the craft behind camera and staging, showcasing how camera positioning enhances emotion within a story.

"114 - Foundations: Animation and Acting"

From Disney: Animation brings characters to life by making them move, feel, think, and talk. Pixar animators take us through the artistry of how they breathe life into characters authentically and explain the importance of acting (and eyebrows) in their craft.

"115 - Foundations: Color, Light, and Emotion"

From Disney: Light and color are essential in conveying the time of day, creating unique worlds, and even evoking emotion. Pixar lighting directors and artists reveal how they illuminate a scene and most importantly, how they utilize light and color for everything from terrifying twists to signature Pixar tearjerkers.