Monday Merch Meeting: Walt Disney Print, MagicBands, Hydrangea Spirit Jersey & More!
Zoë Wood
2021-03-01
Welcome to March, my friends! For many of us, that means a turn of the season. Where I am from, that is the cooling of the summer sun to the pleasant beauty of autumn. We've got a short meeting this week, but there are few standouts that I can't wait to show you.

Disneyland Resort & Walt Disney World Hydrangea Spirit Jersey Options for Adults & Dogs
This beautiful shade of Spirit Jersey, entitled "Hydrangea," is a perfect way to warm up the spring vibes in your Disney apparel collection. You can now purchase the matching Dog attire as well!
    Disneyland Resort Spirit Jersey for Dogs – Hydrangea, $36.99
    Disneyland Logo Spirit Jersey for Adults – Hydrangea, $69.99
    Walt Disney World Spirit Jersey for Dogs – Hydrangea, $36.99
    Walt Disney World Logo Spirit Jersey for Adults – Hydrangea, $69.99

Mickey and Minnie Mouse ''Home is Where Life Makes Up Its Mind'' Prints by Noah
Sometimes all it takes is for that one piece of art to speak to you, and it becomes a must-have. I'm not sure what it is about this one, perhaps the subtle portrait of Walt appearing from behind the curtain, but this print gives me all the good Disney feels. 
    Mickey and Minnie Mouse ''Home is Where Life Makes Up Its Mind'' Special Limited Edition Giclée by Noah, $3,000
    Mickey and Minnie Mouse ''Home is Where Life Makes Up Its Mind'' Limited Edition Giclée by Noah, $325 - $675
    Mickey and Minnie Mouse ''Home is Where Life Makes Up Its Mind'' Framed Deluxe Print by Noah, $160
    Mickey and Minnie Mouse ''Home is Where Life Makes Up Its Mind'' Deluxe Print by Noah, $50

New Magic Band 2
Here come the sparkly bands! There are three new MagicBands on offer this week, two glittery ones and one Limited Release, Frontierland. 
    Disney Parks MagicBand 2 – Sparkly Rose Gold, $24.99
    Disney Parks MagicBand 2 – Sparkly Silver, $24.99
    Frontierland MagicBand 2 – Limited Release, $29.99

Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney ''StoryTellers'' by Noah
This one had me at hello. I have the perfect spot for it too, perched behind the desk in my new office - where it was clearly always meant to be. Husband, are you paying attention? The gold sepia tones embody the age of old-world Hollywood as a casual Walt Disney stands side-by-side with his partner in history. Ugh, this one melts my heart.
    Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney ''StoryTellers'' Limited Edition Giclée by Noah, $375 - $725
    Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney ''StoryTellers'' Special Limited Edition Giclée by Noah, $3,295
    Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney ''StoryTellers'' Framed Deluxe Print by Noah, $160
    Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney ''StoryTellers'' Deluxe Print by Noah, $60

Muppets nuiMOs
If you were missing a Muppets element in your nuiMOs collection, have no fear, Kermit and Miss Piggy are here!

    Kermit Disney nuiMOs Plush – The Muppets, $17.99
    Miss Piggy Disney nuiMOs Plush – The Muppets, $17.99
    Disney nuiMOs Outfit – Striped Shirt with Red Sweater and Sunglasses, $12.99
    Disney nuiMOs Outfit – Yellow Coat with Polka Dot Dress and Red Clutch, $12.99
    Disney nuiMOs Outfit – White Coat with Tweed Dress and Crossbody, $12.99
    Disney nuiMOs Outfit – T-shirt with Pants and Straw Hat, $12.99
    Disney nuiMOs Outfit – Floral Shirt with Black Pants and Sandals, $12.99

Character Smile Mugs
Can you even have too many Disney mugs? The answer is no; you can not. Obviously, my pick here would be the Marie Smile Mug, but that's because I have a soft spot for the Aristocats. See what fits you best from the three below.
    Stitch Smile Mug – Lilo & Stitch, $14.99
    Marie Smile Mug – The Aristocats, $14.99
    Cheshire Cat Smile Mug – Alice in Wonderland, $14.99

Mickey Mouse Digital Slow Cooker with Sound
I live for my slow cooker some days. When work is busy, and the kids need to be in a hundred different places at once, knowing you have dinner cooking at home while you run around makes everything a bit more manageable. The Mickey Mouse Digital Slow Cooker with Sound, $64.99, is practical and cute with Mickey Mouse design and adorable Mickey silhouette feature lid. 

Aladdin's Lamp Jeweled Glass Miniature by Arribas – Personalized
Everyone wants their own genie lamp, and now is that time to give that perfect gift to your next hard-to-buy-for family member. Aladdin's Lamp Jeweled Glass Miniature by Arribas – Personalized, $55 can be personalized with names or dates to commemorate an occasion, and it would definitely be worth rubbing just in case Robin Williams or Will Smith appear.

Walt Disney World Wood Frame by Arribas – 8'' x 10'' – Personalized
Finding the right understated frame for your Disney family photo is always harder than it seems. You want something subtle but cute, and the Walt Disney World Wood Frame by Arribas – 8'' x 10'' – Personalized, $65, ticks both boxes. 

Mickey Mouse Belt Bag – Mickey & Co.

In Australia, these have always been called bum bags. And no, I am not kidding. When I was a kid - back in the '80s and '90s - I would have done anything for one of these in print like this. The Mickey Mouse Belt Bag – Mickey & Co., $29.99 is in stock and ready to help you relive your younger days. Or, at least, mine. 

Just for fun...

This last one doesn't technically count as merch, but it was so cool I had to show you all. Check out the Disney Park Blog Instagram post below to get your creative juices inspired for the week ahead!
